Boy, are you awesome?
Can't you beat me? Why don't you beat me?
Today I, Zhao Chenghuang, am here. You guys still have to deal with it.
Chen Huang, a person who teaches many things.
Wang Ping'an. You, a piece of trash who hasn't looked back in three years, teach me a lesson.
Who do you think you are? Today I will definitely teach you how to be a human being?
Teach me how to be a good person. You are not ancient enough.
Gao Qixiao, I now officially declare,
You were so angry that it was never necessary for you to be fired.
How could Wang Ping get himself?
Are you still expelling Gao Qixiao?
He can just dry his brain and carry it empty
Which one is smarter?
If you tell me to open it, my dad will do it.
I told Zhenlong Group to be punished by us
Never met you before
The place of Zhenlong Group can also become one of the dragon farms
Half of the dragons in Gaoqixiang
He will also be polite to us
Have a good time here
No luck
It’s as if we can achieve what we have today
Something that is not blocked
If you want to be real
It’s as if we’re faced with it